1.   MY NEW ROLES
As a freshman student at the DLS-CSB, I am responsible for my own success in the learning process. Therefore i should be actively involved in the learning process and should behave appropriately for a learning environment. 
My first year in CSB would be spent balancing time between extracurricular and academic activities with more emphasis on academic activities. 
College years is the formative period in one’s life. As a freshman student, my role is to develop all such qualities during this period as to enable me to lead a successful life. 


2.  MY NEW ROUTINES
As a freshman students my new routine and activity would significantly change compare to that of a high school student in terms of the length of time I should devote on my studies. 
The new routines that I should get into for studying are really important especially I am a SOFA grantee and being so, I am required to maintain a grade or else my student grant would be revoked. I should focus more on my studies, with that, my study period length will be longer. My routine would include spending time a lot of time in the library. I should also include in my routines time for extra curricular activities like joining school organizations.


3.  MY NEW RELATIONSHIP
My relationship as a freshman student would include :
a.  Student/ Mentor relationship  -  I must respect my mentor and hold him/her in the highest esteem, for this is a necessary pre requisite to accepting his/her advice.  
b.  Studen/Teacher relationship   -  I must trust my teacher’s concern and believe that my best interest is in their mind.
c.  Student/Spiritual Advisor       -  Me and my Spiritual Advisor should have the same faith. 
d.  Relationship with classmates/schoolmates -  I must get to know my classmates/batchmates for they are the people that I will be with during the duration of my college days and hence it is important to forge a good relationship with them.
 

4.  MY NEW ASSUMPTIONS
My new assumptions as a freshman student is that college life the DLS-CSB would be fun but not easy.  The professors are strict, the students are carefree, the subjects are hard, and the examinations are difficult.  The course I am into is a pioneering class and the first of its kind in the country, I don’t know what to expect.  With all these I really should pay more attention and stay focus in my goal if I want to finish my course. Im happy with my college life now, but it hard to adust my time. But with God all things are possible.