STAR RECITAL 2011
1. What Benildean Core Values have you learned from the STAR Recital 2011 (Shadow Play, Intermediate Acting, Dance and Coro) performances ?
	Being Humble, Honest, Helpful to everyone who is benildian- lasallian too just like us and of course even in other people if they need our help we can help them
2. What scence/production did you like the most?
        The love story of the mother and father. Flash back of the mother and father when they were young.
3. How does it affect you as a Benildean-Lasallian ?
        It show what love really is. True love needs time, effort, money and everything it takes you have in order to have the one that you love the most
4. Among the core values, what struck you the most based from the production that you watched?
        Being Sentimental on all things because Everything that is given to each one of us has a purpose and should be taken care of
5. Give a short reflection from the production that you have seen.
	The story shows a beautiful play about the mother and father who were taking care of their daughter. They love their daughter very much, but suddenly the woman is dying and sick she must left her daughter to her husband. Her husband cannot accept the realty but sooner he accepts it. The child and his father live happily


Frosh solidarity night
Frosh solidarity night was a nice and good event for frosh like us because you will be able to know more about your blockmates have fun with them and spend time with them. Of course at first I don’t know what to say to them because I doesn’t even know them to deeper but soon even I doesn’t know them they become my friends and in that event I gained friends and I enjoyed the night. Frosh solidarity night is the welcome party for the frosh students at first im so excited to meet my fellow benildian-lasallian and suddenly the atmosphere changed to fun and joy the rock band group brought us more happiness and enjoyment some people dance some sang with the band some went to the booth to have a pictures with their friends. But whatever it was the point was atleast whatever happened to the frosh solidarity night it make sense because without it we wouldn’t had fun with each other. Just what like they said “ I can study, but you can have fun too while your studying” the night was good the place was night and I can say it’s more that perfect event for a frosh like me. Having fun would prepare you to the real battle of college life. Happiness would lead you to success because if you can’t concentrate to one situation you can’t concentrate to all. So I can say frosh solidarity night was a successful event for us. 



Guide Questions and Reflection for Karilyo:

1. What can you do to prevent what happened in the 2nd part of the story?
2. How does it affect you as part of the Lasallian community ?
3. Give at least 2 Benildean Core Values shown on the production 
4. How can you share these values to others?
5. Give your own personal insights about the play

In the second part of the play, one can prevent this by being a good to the environment, the animals and the people around you. You should know how to plant trees and throw your garbage in the proper places. Keep everything balanced. As part of the La Sallian community,and as being a benildian-lasallian student I am encouraged to serve as a model in being a good to mother earth, because in the story, what happened was that everything was destroyed. What God slowly and preciously created was destroyed and to prevent this is to prevent and stop pollution and throwing garbage in everywhere they want. Another insight is that one can see some Benildean Core Values like Social Responsibility, in which we should be responsible to everything around us not only to the people but to the non-living things surrounding us and Deeply Rooted in Faith, in which we should not always lose hope in problems like pollution and such because such problems were given to us as a test from God, because, He wants us to take care of His creations. He want us to take care of his creation 

Guide Questions and Reflection for Healed Hearts:

1. Give at least (2) Benildean Core Values shown on the production.
3. How do handle your own grief?
2. How can you share these values to others?
4. How does it affect you as part of the Lasallian community?
5. Give your own personal insights about the show.

 there are Benildean Core Values presented In this event or program. One is that of Social Responsibility especially for others, in which we should be sensitive of others' needs and not only your own needs, because in a way, it will affect your yourself, behaviour and everything about you. Another is we should have deeper Faith in God, in which whatever problems you have share it with God and God will help you. Yes your family can help you but God is your All in All so His the one you should lean on. God will talk to you, because He will always be there for you. I can share this things to my fellow benildian-lasallian or even in my friends outside the campus, or in every person that I know.


	Guide Questions and Reflection for NSTP Orientation:

1. What is the aim of NSTP?
2. What are the three (3) program components of NSTP? Differentiate the three.
3. What program component do you intend to enrol? Why?
4. What is the role of NSTP in nation-building?
5. How will NSTP help you become good Filipino citizen and good Benildean-Lasallian?

What is NSTP? National Service Training Program is the meaning of NSTP. ROTC, CWTS and LTS are some of its programs. It aims to promote and integrate values education, transformational leadership, spirit of patriotism and nationalism and sustainable social mobilization for youth development, community building and national security. What the NSTP does in nation-building is to improve in teamwork and unity, in which we can find a way to do something to help everbody not just one person. There are three program components. First is that of ROTC. ROTC(Reserve Officers Training Corps) a training program to prepare college students to be commissioned officers
. Second is that of CWTS. CWTS (Civic Welfare Training Service)
refers to the Program component or activities contributory to the general welfare and the betterment of life for the members of the community or the enhancement of its facilities, especially those devoted to improving health, education, environment, entrepreneurship, safety, recreation and moral citizenry and other social welfare services. Last but not the least, LTS (Literacy Training Service) refers to the Program component designed to train the students to teach literacy and numeracy skills to school children, out-of-school youths and other social welfare services. Among these three programs, I plan to take up CWTS, because, I like it and I love doing it. I don't have much time for teaching other people, in which we should do in LTS. and I am too weak in physical activities that I may not last in ROTC. Taking up at least one NSTP program can help us become a good Filipino. </i>


